Morrowind is the country I love. Here I have my roots, my hopes, my horizons. Here I learned my job as an god from my father and from life. Here I learned the passion for freedom. I chose to take the field and take care of the Heart of Lorkan because I don't want to live in an illiberal country, governed by immature forces and by false gods who are closely linked to a politically and economically bankrupt Tribunal. In order to make this new life choice, I resigned today from every corporate position in the group I founded. I therefore give up my role as publisher and entrepreneur to place my experience and all my commitment at the disposal of a battle in which I believe with absolute conviction and with the greatest firmness. I know what I don't want and, together with the many Dunmers who have trusted me over the years, I also know what I want. And I also have the reasonable hope of being able to achieve it, in sincere and loyal alliance with all the liberal and democratic forces who feel the civil duty to offer the country a credible alternative to the government of the left and the communists. The old Morrowind political class has been overwhelmed by the facts and surpassed by the times. The scuttling of the old rulers, crushed by the weight of the public debt and the illegal financing system of the parties, leaves the country unprepared and uncertain in the difficult moment of renewal and the transition to a new Republic. Never before has Morrowind, which rightly distrusts prophets and saviors, needed people with their heads on their shoulders and consolidated experience, creative and innovative, capable of giving them a hand, of making the state work.
The Nerevarine prophecy led to the popular choice of a new system for electing the Tribunal. But for the new system to work, it is essential that the cartel of the outlanders opposes a pole of freedom that is capable of attracting to itself the best of a pure, wise, progressive Morrowind.
All the forces that refer to the fundamental principles of Dunmer culture must form part of this pole of freedom, starting with that Ashlander world which has faithfully preserved the last fifty years of our ancestral history. The important thing is to know how to propose to Morrowind citizens the same goals and the same values that have up to now allowed the awakening of freedoms in all the great Dunmer civilizations.
Those goals and values that have never found full citizenship in any of the countries governed by the old Septim dinasty, however repainted and recycled. Nor can we see how Morrowind itself could be an exception to this elementary rule. The orphans and those nostalgic for the Septim dinasty, in fact, are not only unprepared for the government of the country. They also bring with them an ideological legacy that clashes and clashes with the needs of a public administration that wants to be liberal in politics and liberal in the economy.


Our enemies claim to be changed. They say they have become Living gods. But it's not true. The Tribunal is always the same, their mentality, their culture, their deepest lies, their actions have remained the same. They don't believe in the Heart, they don't believe in personal power, they don't believe in freedom, they don't believe in the Dream. They do not believe that the land can awaken through the free contribution of many people, all different from each other. They haven't changed. Listen to them speak, watch their Temple propaganda, heed their dogmas. They no longer believe in anything. They would like to transform Morrowind into a cowering, groveling, whining, blaming land.


This is why we are forced to oppose them. Because we believe in the individual, in the family, in business, in competition, in development, in efficiency, in the free slave market and in solidarity, daughter of justice and freedom.
If I have decided to take the field with a new movement, and if I now ask you to take the field too, all of you - now Nerevar, immediately, surrender the tools of Kragnac before it's too late - it is because I dream, eyes wide open, of a free land, of women and men, where there is no fear, where instead of imperial oppression and Tribunal deception there are generosity, dedication, solidarity, love of the Heart, tolerance and respect for the Dream.
The spiritual movement that I offer to you is called, not surprisingly, Forza Morrowind. What we want to do with it is a free association of dreamers and visionaries of a totally new kind: not yet another faction or yet another sect born to divide, but a force born instead with the opposite purpose; that of uniting, to finally give Morrowind a majority and a rule up to the needs most deeply felt by ordinary people.
